cinnamon in the most environmental television
that never and the offensive of the states
united and their allies against the
Islamic state of iraq and levante
the pentagon reaches the north of Syria
he said the attacks could last for years
and jihadists claim that the offensive of
washington will have an answer the
civil war in Syria already has also
another protagonist
for the first time united states and their
Allies launched air strikes in Syria
leaving at least 70 fighters from
islamic state dead
to the united arab emirates
jordania qatar and bahrain participated in
the attacks against state objectives
Islamic in eastern cities Syrian by
its part three thousand European jihadists
they left to fight in Syria and Iraq
coming mainly from france
Great Britain Germany Belgium Belgium
Sweden and Denmark the president of the USA
barack obama said the strength of the
coalition that includes the five countries
Arabs showed that their country is not alone
in the firewall
waksman the newspaper of militiamen of the
Islamic state broadcast a video on
where the British journalist john
Carlin criticizes the preparations of the
attacks led by the us against the
insurgent group
the man describes the Islamic state
as the jihadist movement more
mighty seen in recent history and
he added that the US politicians who
they describe as terrible or repulsive just
could cause this conflict in
Syria has increased attention in the
border with turkey are already over
130,000 people mostly
Kurds that fleeing the Islamic state
They have crossed into Turkish territory from the
Friday in the largest refugee exodus
Syrians in such a short time since
started the war in 2011 reported julia
subscribe to our YouTube channel
so you 're always informed of the
latest news from mexico and the world
start right now by clicking on
these videos